>> Steve Kinney: Now,
I have a challenge for you.
The challenge for you is previously we
implemented WebSockets in a server.
Then we switched gears and
we went ahead and
just played around with
the weather sensor.
What I would love to do is
bring those two together.
So I kind of show you little quick.
If you remember earlier, I said I
did leave some clues in the read me
about, I don't need that
color picker any more.
Some of the Socket.IO stuff
that is available for
sending messages back and forth.
In this case, last time we sent
messages from the client to the server.
We are gonna have to flip that this time,
because all of the action
is happening on our tessal.
So every 470 milliseconds,
whenever we get a new change event.
Rather, we can still update
the bar charts if you want, but
rather than updating the bar charts,
what we wanna do is send a message to
all of the connected clients, right?
So we will send a message from our tessal,
to all the connected browsers, right?
And so in that case.
>> Steve Kinney: This one
over here is your friend.
io.sockets.omit.
You'll give it some name.
You can be like whether changed,
or whether change.
Just make sure you get the [LAUGH] past
tense and present tense straight and
don't do the mistake I did
with the color change.
And then on the client we will
receive those events, right?
And so that will be a socket
on whatever that event was and
then we'll update the DOM.
You can configure the HTML yourself.
I do have a, if we go into the directory
and we go to the project and
we go up to the example code for
the weather station.
See this one called socket weather.
You could also go into public directory
and grab this HTML, which is not amazing
but it's basically some paragraph tags
where you could update those values.
So if you don't wanna write an HTML,
you can grab that and move it in yourself.
And then we'll just write the JavaScript
to receive those events and
get real time updates in the browser.
So let's spend 20 minutes,
put that together and
then we'll review it together as
a group and do it and get it working.